A wise man once said that school is a 12 step brainwash camp.

Each day that I return to camp, I’ve taking a step towards complete assimilation.

Lies hidden within text, causing subliminal segregation.

It has caused the creation of my aggravation to actively agitate my already existing problems with education.

My brain is treated as a bank, 8 hours a day 5 days a week, teachers deposit information for me to withdraw when they need.

Fulfilling their needs doesn’t make me feel accomplished.

I’ve reached the 12 step of camp for I am the lucky ones, I am one of the few, still I feel no sense of achievement.

Camp counselors constantly communicate to me that camp could take me places that only dreams could capture, as long as I complete the current step, but I doubt that I am capable.

My peers have given up on a system that gave up on them long ago.

I wonder if they knew something I didn’t. I wonder if I should do the same.

If they were more wise on the decision that seemed foolish, but I get the feeling that giving up is where the system wants me.

I’m playing a game of chess, having to think ahead and compete with the player across from me.

But in this game there are no black pieces so white doesn’t have to fight to make their first move, instead they move their knights towards my defenses leaving me defenseless against the ignorance of the system.

My mind is colonized, can’t realize the real lives of curriculum written by the victors.

........smash.......smash....desk.......

I want to give up when relevancy is not relatively recognized by the blind and confined eyes of my teacher, instead he stares at me blankly without consciousness.

I know he is not my enemy, but rather an alumnus of this camp, too brainwashed to realize that he is just a pawn trying to place a king in check.

My bishop preaches of days when the war would be over.

But today at this moment I must play the game because the decision to leave can be the end of me, the end of my dreams to exceed my mental capabilities and captivatingly rise to unvisualized heights, despite of oppressive gravity pulling me back down.

Today at this moment I must participate, cause I know that’s the only way that I can change the system.
